= active_resource_pagination

This gem adds pagination support to Active Resource. 

== Sample Usage
  # Article is a resource model
  
  Article.paginate
  Article.paginate(:page => 2, :per_page => 20)
  Article.paginate(:page => 2, :per_page => 20, :total_entries => 123)
  Article.paginate(:page => 2, :per_page => 20, :params => {:year => 2010})


== Configuration

To set default per_page value for all resources. you can do
  ActiveResource::Base.per_page = 20    # in config/environment or initializers

or to implement per_page() in your resource class.


== Detail

When doing the pagination query, it converts :page and :per_page parameters to :offset and :limit to the actual find method, assure your backend honors :offset and :limit parameters.

  Article.paginate(:page => 2, :per_page => 20, :params => {:year => 2010}) # is translated into 2 request calls
  
  Article.find(:all, :params => {:year => 2010, :offset => 40, :limit => 20})
  Article.find(:one, :from => :count, :params => {:year => 2010})
  
* If you pass in the :total_entries parameter, Model.count() will not be called.
* You can always override count() if default doesn't suit your need.
* If you don't pass in the :total_entries parameter, Model.count() will be called, 
  unless result count > per_page, then this method automatically sets the count from the result.
  

== Other Details

You can use a normal index action on the server side, but you will also need a custom show action to return the count if no results are found. No sure why yet, but this is a quick fix. Really it shouldn't be checking for a second count if the initial one returns nil.

def show
  @search = Sunspot.search(Some_search) do
  
  end.hits
  
  @count = {"count"=>@searchfiles.size} #returns 0 in most cases, I choose to research in case I am missing something.
  
  respond_to do |format|
    format.xml { render :xml => @count }
  end
end  
